This directory contains all the scripts and configuration files for running
the cosimulation with Seamless CVE. The files in this directory are as 
follows:

config.cve	: This is the configuration file for Seamless CVE. When cve
		  is launched then it reads in this configuration file and
		  executes the instructions therein. This configuration file
		  does the following major things:

		  1. Invokes the Hardware Simulator which in our case is
		     ModelSimEE using the "simulate logic {vsim ..}" command.

		  2. Registers the "Seamlessized" (i.e. Seamless compatible)
		     memories with Seamless. In this design we have replaced
		     the hardware memories with these Seamlessized memories.
		     This is done so that we can use
		     memory and time optimization to speed up the simulation
		     when accessing these memories. 
	
		  3. Registers the ARM946E-S CPU model with Seamless.

		  4. Invokes the Software Instruction Set Simulator for the
		     ARM946E-S processor and the XRAY Debugger which will execute 
		     the software program using the "setup sw ..." command.

		  5. Labels the different address ranges according to the type
		     of memory which is mapped to that range using the 
		     "map label .." command.

		  6. Declares the illegal address ranges. Your program should
		     not contain any accesses to these address ranges.
		     
		  7. Defines the mapping between the seamlessized memory 
		     instances (which are registered in step 2.) and the address
		     ranges using the "map memory instance .." command.

		  8. Turn off all optimizations.

wave.do		: This is a dofile for ModelSimSE. It is executed when the HW
		  simulator is invoked by Seamless. It essentially pulls up 
		  the wave window of the hw simulator with the signals defined
		  in this file.

xray.inc	: This is an include file for the XRAY debugger. It is executed
		  when the XRAY debugger is invoked by Seamless. It includes the
		  file MAC_test.inc

MAC_test.inc	: This is an include file for the XRAY debugger and is included
		  by the xray.inc file. This file is executed when the XRAY 
		  debugger is invoked by Seamless. It essentially loads the 
		  executable software program (in our case MAC_test.x) into 
		  XRAY and also defines a couple of breakpoint macros.

ru		: run script to start coverification.
