This directory contains the software programs which will execute on the processor.
It also contains a script to compile, assemble and link the software programs
into an executable file. There is also a scatter description file which tells
the linker program where to place the different sections of the software in
the memory map of the processor.

The files before compilation in this directory are:

reset_vectors.s
init.s	: 	  These contain the boot code for configuring the processor 
		  to enable running any meaningful programs. Some of the registers that are
		  memory mapped get written to during boot up process. 
		  (for our system we have mapped the memory to the address range
		  0x00000000 - 0x003FFFFF. Remember the ARM has a 32 bit address
		  bus, hence its available memory map is from 0x00000000 -
		  0xFFFFFFFF ie 4GB). It also 
		  defines the stack regions of the Supervisor and Interrupt 
		  handling mode and finally branches to |__TestMain()| library routine.
		  The |__TestMain() program will ultimately call your TestMain() function
		  in your application program.


interrupt_handler.c
pxCoreLib.c
printToPort.c	: These files are generated by Platform Express and they implement functions to 
		  to handle FIQ/IRQ interrupts that are not used in this project. Do not worry 
		  about them as of now.	
pxCoreLib.h	: Header file used by the pxCoreLib.c
		   
MAC_test.c	: This is the application code for the 802.11b MAC protocol. It
		  does CRC and encryption on a frame of data.

crc_table.h	: This contains the CRC table used for CRC computation.

retarget.c	: This contains some library functions which had to be 
		  reimplemented by us since we do not have semihosted SWI support
		  with XRAY.

compile		: This is the compile script which will compile, assemble and link
		  the software programs into executable code. 

scatter.scf	: This is a scatter description file which the linker uses to 
		  decide where to place each section of program in the memory map.
		  For example, for our case we specify that we want the reset_vectors.o
		  to be placed in the memory first starting at 0x00000000. 


After compilation the following files are created in this directory.

*.o	: These are the object files of the respective programs.

MAC_test.map	: This is the map file for the final executable telling where
		  different sections have been mapped in the address space and 
		  their sizes.

MAC_test.disasm	: This is the disassembled file generated from the final executable.
		  It shows all the assembly instructions that your program finally
		  gets compiled to, along with where it is placed in memory.

MAC_test.x	: This is the final executable program. This is the file which is
		  loaded in by XRAY when we do co-simulation with Seamless.

